Add API-M Tutorial scenarios (#3715)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/tutorials/scenarios/scenario5-developer-community-feature.md

> # Scenario 5 - Getting the developer community involved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scenario 5 - Getting the Developer Community Involved
```

Author: Fixed

## User Story

> **Quantis allows random users to access their apis. Since they have now open the dev portal for external users to register to their system,  they now expect the developer community to interact with them on building their own applications using their services. Quantis wants to provide a place where app developers can communicate with the Quantis API developers with their API related queries.  This way application developers and external users can understand more about Quantis APIs and they could have better developer experience.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quantis allows random users to access their APIs. Since they have now opened the Developer Portal for external users to register to their system, they now expect the developer community to interact with them on building their own applications using their services. Quantis wants to provide a place where application developers can communicate with the Quantis API developers with their API related queries. This way application developers and external users can understand more about Quantis APIs and they could have a better developer experience.
```

Author: Fixed

**_Time to Complete : 4 mins_**

> WSO2 API Manager developer portal provides many features to assist developers to use the APIs published. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 API Manager Developer Portal provides many features to assist developers to use the APIs published. For example:
```

Author: Fixed

- SDK generation for APIs
- Documentation for APIs
- Ratings and Comments
- API console to try out the API

> This demo setup contains a sample API to demonstrate these features. Log in to the Quantis dev portal using Quantis user sindy@quantis.com with the password user123 and check the **QuantisTrainAPI**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo setup contains a sample API to demonstrate these features. Log in to the Quantis Developer Portal using Quantis user `sindy@quantis.com` with the password `user123` and check the **QuantisTrainAPI**.
```

Author: Fixed

![Community features]({{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/scenarios/dev-portal-community.png)

> You could generate client side SDKs for different programming languages. You could find more information on this in our official [documentation](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/learn/consume-api/generating-sdks/write-a-client-application-using-the-sdk/).  We have provided a sample java programme created using the java sdk downloaded from the **QuantisTrainAPI**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could generate client side SDKs for different programming languages. You could find more information on this in our [official documentation]({{base_path}}/consume/generating-sdks/write-a-client-application-using-the-sdk/).  We have provided a sample Java program created using the Java SDK downloaded from the **QuantisTrainAPI**.
```

Author: Fixed

1. Subscribe to the **QuantisTrainAPI** using an application and generate an access token.
2. Go to the /resources location and invoke the API using the sdk-demo-1.0.0.jar with the access token

```
java -jar sdk-demo-1.0.0.jar <access_token>

```

![SDK response]({{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/scenarios/sdk-response.png)

!!! Info

>     **Sdk-demo-1.0.0.jar** is built using the java sdk downloaded from the dev portal. You could check the source code for this programme /resources/sdk-demo location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Sdk-demo-1.0.0.jar** is built using the Java SDK downloaded from the developer portal. You could check the source code for this program in the `[APIM_HOME]/resources/sdk-demo` location
```
Shall we use APIM_HOME for locations and place this between backticks? Please fix in all instances.

Author: Maynot be able to use APIM_HOME since these resources are not found in the APIM_HOME location.

>     When you download the SDK from dev portal (ex: java sdk), you have the ability to build it and use it as a dependency for your project. In this demo, I have downloaded JAVA sdk for **QuantisTrainAPI** (QuantisTrainAPI_1.0.0_java.zip) and built it using maven.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you download the SDK from Developer Portal (e.g., Java SDK), you have the ability to build it and use it as a dependency for your project. In this demo, the Java SDK for **QuantisTrainAPI** (QuantisTrainAPI_1.0.0_java.zip) was used and built using Apache Maven.
```

Author: Fixed

    Then you could add the following dependency to your project to import the SDK. 

    ```xml
    <dependency>
      <groupId>org.wso2</groupId>
      <artifactId>org.wso2.client.QuantisTrainAPI</artifactId>
      <version>1.0.0</version>
    </dependency>

    ```

>     Sample code on invoking the API using this SDK can be found in `resources/sdk-demo/src/main/java/org/wso2/carbon/apimgt/tutorial/App.java`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sample code on invoking the API using this SDK can be found in `<APIM_HOME>/resources/sdk-demo/src/main/java/org/wso2/carbon/apimgt/tutorial/App.java`.
```

Author: Fixed
